The following changes and bug fixes have been made to the program:

1.	Modified item-stat-gain to increment multiplicatively, rather than exponentially.
2.	Boss health set to triple that of creature health.
3.	Restructured damage calculation to more accurately scale; Spell damage calculation unaffected.
4.	Boss and creature difficulty increased.
5.	Fixed a bug where program crashed during damage calculation (integer representation of damage sometimes equaled skew, which resulted in a division by zero exception).
6.	Moved helper function for determining type of creature inside of the Creature class.
7.	Damage variance increased to 30%.
8.	Fixed bugs where incorrect input would cause the program to crash (Replaced "cin >>" operations with helper functions that validate input based on the type required (int and char)).
9.	Fixed a bug where creating a new character from the Load or New menu sometimes corrupted new character's attributes.
10.	Added an attribute bonus of 2x equipment level to relevant attribute.
11.	Modified the 3rd equipment slot to be a specialty slot for the class (Warriors -> Shield, Rogues -> Weapon (2nd weapon), Mages -> Offhand). NOTE: Corrupts existing saved games.
12.	Fixed a bug where current mana level wasn't displaying properly, even though calculation and tracking was occuring normally.
13.	Removed creature ability to parry incoming spells.
14.	Fixed a bug where spells were not increasing with level.
15.	Fixed a bug where Steelskin didn't wear off at end of combat.
16.	Fixed a bug where, when multiple load options are available, everything after the first option didn't load.
17.	Fleshed out spellcasting out of combat. You can still only cast Salve, but the display is nicer.
18.	Updated spellcasting so cost is no longer a function of magnitude. A strong reason for this is that offensive spells should deal high damage with low cost, where healing requires a higher mana ratio.
19.	Added a fail chance when attempting to run. The more aggressive the creature, the harder it is to escape. Bosses are somewhat harder to escape than creatures.
20.	Reduced memory leaking by modifying all functions to pass the Player by reference, rather than making a new copy each time.
21.	Fixed a bug where you could apparently unequip an empty slot, only when something was equipped in a different slot.
22.	Dagger bonus for Rogues increased to 5x, up from 2x.
23.	Fixed a bug where attempting to unequip something (with nothing equipped) didn't provide a message stating that.
24.	Crit chance now scales with weapon levels for Rogues (10% base + 3% per level, per weapon).
25.	Added an equipment damage / repair feature. You now suffer damage to your equipment for various actions in the wild. You can repair this damage at a Blacksmith.
26.	Added a quest feature. NOTE: Corrupts existing saved games.
27.	Map generation adjusted to match the level of the boss required for the active quest.
28.	Fixed a major bug where saving a game corrupted the currently running instance and required a restart of the program.