The following changes and bug fixes have been made to the program:

1.	Added flavor that references the previous boss's name when accepting the next quest.
2.	Clarified Rogue and Warrior class abilities in the combat menu.
3.	Fixed a bug where if you levelled up from turning in a quest, shops wouldn't update their inventory immediately.
4.	Fixed a visual bug where the experience required to get to the next level can be realistically achieved at max level.
5.	Restructured entire program to compile from multiple files, allowing more additional flexibility and scalability. Also helps reduce debugging complexity by making it easier to identify problem file.
6.	Added more detail to the "Stay the night" menu options, primarily flavor.
7.	Minor improvements to save and load functions (reduced function and player calls).
8.	Removed health and mana details from save/load functions, since this is calculated during each stat refresh. NOTE: Breaks all existing save games.
9.	Increased health meter increment multiplier from stamina to 2x (up from 1x) for Rogues and Mages to match Warrior calculation. Warrior still gets bonus stamina.
10.	Reduced equip gain bonuses to base attributes to just affect the primary offensive stat (STR -> Warrior, AGI -> Rogue, INT -> Mage).
11.	Changed defensive creatures to turtles, instead of midgets (a little more appropriate; provides better flow).
12.	Restructured "quit game" mechanic to reduce complexity.
13.	Restructured "new player" mechanics to reduce complexity (created new helper function "init_new_player()").
14.	Fixed a bug where the quest titles weren't displaying after the first one.
15.	Fixed a bug where if no random loot was generated for a creature or boss, the program would crash.
16.	Added an achievement system. NOTE: Corrupts existing saved games.
17.	Removed health_bonus as a factor - health gained now occurs from stamina sources only.
18.	Adjusted all equipment to offer stamina bonuses, rather than just Warrior gear.
19.	Weighted attribute gain for items according to their primary function (Shields and armor get boosted stamina, weapons boosted offensive attribute, etc.).
20.	Balanced attribute gain to be even for all classes, instead adjusting stat changes (def and atk bonuses) based on subtype.
21.	Fixed a bug where viewing attack rating when viewing details about equipment multiplies out of control.
22.	Fixed a bug where attack bonus calculation wasn't occurring correctly. As a result, restricted the attack bonus to Daggers for Rogues.
23.	Fixed a bug where saving a game at a higher level was saving multiple "files" even though it was actually replacing the earlier file info.
24.	Fixed a bug where loading the player's level from a save game was actually falsely loading at one level higher.
25.	Created a banner for the game, along with basic flavor text.
26.	Fixed a bug where unequipping gear generated in-game error text referring to the level being invalid.