The following changes and bug fixes have been made to the program:

1.	Fixed a bug with calculating whether a spell hits in combat.
2.	Fixed a bug with calculating creature encounter chances.
3.	Fixed a bug where the inn was no longer providing an option to stay the night.
4.	Fixed a bug where spell critical hits weren't calculated correctly.
5.	Fixed a bug where you could continue casting spells without sufficient mana.
6.	Fixed a bug where you could enter combat before entering town.
7.	Internally grouped and organized code to optimize memory usage and readability.
8.	Set map of the wild to increase in size as you level.
9.	Added a feature to earn bonus experience and gold for fully exploring a given map.
10.	Granted a 2x bonus to critical chance and dodge to Rogues.
11.	Adjusted block rating to scale by level of shield equipped, up to a max of 25% block chance.
12.	Removed armor_rating as a variable, as it was indistinguishable from equip_def_bonus. NOTE: Corrupts all existing save games.
13.	Reduced several requirements for what gets saved to file during a save game. NOTE: Corrupts all existing save games.
14.	Optimized and streamlined stat updating to take the brunt of the work from equipping / unequipping functions away, which also improved consistency in bonus calculation.
15.	Reduced overhead of the load game feature by reducing the number of function calls and optimizing equipment handling.
16.	Restructured equipment a little to provide the possibility for additional equipment slots in future patches.
17.	Added a damage variance calculation to all damage of 15% (85% - 100%).
18.	Cleaned up warnings that were starting to pile up at compile time involving data loss from decimals to integers.
19.	System calls removed for security reasons and replaced with helper functions.
20.	Expanded code framework to allow for more in-depth expansion of each player class. NOTE: Corrupts all existing save games.
21.	Made gold viewable from the "View inventory" menu.
22.	Removed player level as a savable attribute. Experience is able to dictate resulting level more accurately. NOTE: Corrupts all existing save games.
23.	Enabled creature encounters to be any level up to current level.
24.	Adjusted health of defensive creatures (midgets) to half.
25.	Made player's level viewable from the load game screen.